Hear what is up guys and what KMAX now in this video will be working out what this looking site OK so
you can see the Is my booking site.
I have just installed Wordpress and now I have to just install Wordpress and this will be done.
So basically what a booking site is.
If you just go to any the websites like hotel or motel booking like this OK and they can see the DVD
like you have to book the hotel and they just charge you for the nights you stay or for something like
that.
So this is how these type of booking works.
You can see if I just come here to Expedia hurrican just dumb books any hotel and it will work the way
it were like on the nights you want to stay and then it'll work.
So this is outrageous.
Visit like in this video we will be talking about that how can we build a website like this seem like
this if I just go to either NZL dot com.
OK this is the Web site vier.
I just want to just look for it.
Lake here is the higher the functionality how we want it to work so that a person can just hire me for
just $10.
There are for like $20 per hour or a just like how I want to work for.
So he can just hire me and the hiring me will be worked on the payment basis and everything.
So how this will work.
I wanted to make it work as well.
How will they do that.
So this video will be working up there.
Basically this will cost you a lot.
Guys seriously if you have a client and who wants to just add that functionality then you can charge
him for that specific plug in.
Okay.
You can charge him for that specific plug in cars that plug in will cost you $250.
OK.
But I'm just telling you how it works so that you can understand this.
So first of all you have to just go ahead and you have to install WordPress.
I also assure you that if you want to learn how you can get this plug in for just 10 bucks.
OK.
Now let's go ahead and little plug into this plug in is costly a bit and is basically a big plug into
if you are creating it for a big company like bird there is should be the hotel bookings or something
like that.
Then there are earnings so then they you should pay them.
OK so that is why they cost you so if you just go to commers commerce extension's commerce extensions
and then here you will see new commerce extensions in this.
They have this specific plug in that is created by them and that is called Basically the commerce distribution.
No no no no that is called Commerce booking.
So if I just come here and I just search for booking
Yes this is the one.
So they will cost us it will cost you like $250.
They allow customers to book appointments for services but doubt leaving your site so you can just add
that functionality on your own website.
And guys your customers will be able to just do that.
So if you do not want to just pay this much OK and you want to learn it you just want to be like.
I just want to try it but I don't want to pay that much.
And then you can get it for like voicemail you know dot com is basically a Web site where you can get
this plug plug in for just $10.
OK.
I myself don't know if this is allowed or not but they will give you the license.
Actually that is called the GPL and GPL is basically the word press license.
OK.
If you just come here and you just search for is M. Legat.
OK I have surged a lot.
I've searched a lot but and some people say that Lumo is like that to you use you don't.
You don't have to worry.
So I have just searched a lot and that is why I'm recommending you this Web site.
I myself don't know if this is allowed or not but you can see there there is no reason that in course
of modifying the code strip Devil people could not also add and these guys didn't write that word took
on being on them for support.
Maybe a bad idea.
There are some things that you should consider OK.
I suggest sticking with the actual plug in auditors.
But if the risk is worked the difference in cost go for it.
So you can just go ahead.
OK.
I serged answer is mostly people say it does look good but if you just want to learn it then please
just go with this.
And if you want to create it for your client then please guys to not go with this will no doubt it is
the right and you should buy it from them.
You should charge your client for this this much.
OK.
You should charge your extra client if you are doing it.
But if you are just doing for learning purposes I don't think so.
This is wrong so you can just go ahead you can go down.
And here you can see it says bookings.
So this is the exact same plug in which is they giving and they are also giving the same plug ins if
you just want to just go ahead and learn it.
You can just go ahead and learn it from them.
You can purchase it for just 10 bucks.
OK.
So now let's go ahead and let's just basically create our website so you can just grab it from here.
If you're creating it for your client please guys to not just buy from them and do not see money please.
They have the right it's their right.
Obviously guys they have three of the plug in and it's their right to just they should be get to they
should get paid.
But if you wanted to learn that you can go with that so now I have here and I'm just going to go ahead
and I'm going to enter my username.
OK.
And then I have to enter my password so my password is going to be an alleged hit log in so I'm not
going to sit my say site up.
And then after setting up everything I want to go ahead and make my website look great.
So for this will be vidoe will be going on with commerce.
We have to install it first but let's just go from here to the permalink and do this because this is
important.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm just good at it.
I'm going to save changes.
I'm sick and tired is done.
I'm just going to go ahead to plug ins right now and I'm going to add Oh so in here I search for commerce
OK.
And this is right here and now.
Now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit install now and you can see it should be installed
right now.
So let's wait till this is done.
Here it is done and you're going to go hit it.
I'm going to activate my plug in and on activating this.
I also have to upload the plug in that that that is this new commerce.
So first of all I have to just come here and you have to just choose it to be us and the United States
dollar.
So let's just add any of that address right here.
And let's go.
So it's just taking us to the next page major sees a Beaman so you can accept payments from Paypal people's
standard and is going to select and I'm going to hit continue on it now.
OK.
And we have the live read so you can just grab the live rates from them flat trade free shipping like
that.
So I'm just I just don't want to charge them for the shipping method.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to come to you right now.
OK.
And we have the extras so you won't install a storefront you can install it and you're going to go ahead
and I'm going to go that continue.
And now here we have to basically come here and have to just skip this step so we don't have to any
of the product.
I'm going to show you how everything will work.
So just go ahead and let's it.
We're doing Dariush work.
OK.
And then we have this.
What I'm going to do now I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to close it right now.
And now here I want to go to plug ins and then add new and when I pull the plug in that is basically
this new commerce bookings.
OK.
So let's just come here.
Just came here to applaud and let's just go to strews file.
I want to just stop right now and start by habit.
So it was that commerce bookings OK this is the one I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit
and solve now and it should be installed
here.
You can see it is right here.
I'm just going to go hit it I'm going to plug in and this plug in should be activated so you can see
bookings has been activated ad or added a product and product section for individual products and then
go in the bookings page to manage them individually so if you just go to booking booking page.
OK what is this in here it'll show that.
What are the bookings that are here so we can just create it.
I'm so hatriot up if that's any type of fair trade I'm just going to show you how we can build a website
for this like a hotel booking.
How can you build a website for light NZL if I just go to the dealer.
Commun I want my users to basically hire me to hire high hiding me is basically a booking based Web
site like people can hire me for just $10 per are or something like that so I want to I want that to
work as well.
OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's just add a product so in the next video we'll be adding a product I'll
show you how everything will work.
You guys can just miss it I've mess around and not mess it up.
OK measure on the.
And then you guys will understand how everything works so Stadion guys in the next video they'll be
working after that.
Goodbye.